VMWare: add documentation about VCenter (#1214)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/endpoint/vmware/vmware_vcenter.md

uuid: 0642b03a-9d4a-4c88-a5e2-4597e366b8c4
name: VMWare VCenter
type: intake

## Overview

> VMWare VCenter is a centralized management software. It allows to manage virtual machines and ESXi hosts from in a centralized interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VMWare VCenter is a centralized management software. It provides a single point of control for managing virtual machines and ESXi hosts from a centralized interface.
```
